OK so welcome back.
This is going to be a pretty fast one so we're not going to do a lot of things here but we'll do something
fairly cool and interesting.
I would say in any case once again you will be able to find code either under the lectures or somewhere
else you will be given instructions.
In any case in the.
Just go back to the instructions in the introduction and there I will state where you can actually find
the code anyway.
So once again we are in our component RTX So we're still doing some basic things but fairly soon we
will actually start building our application before we go there.
I wish to go over these things.
So we have effectively trimmed down our app that can put in Dot TS and create user has remained the
same hide email has remained the same interface user pretty much everything is the same except the basic
one is the same but we have implemented this method here.
It says private to go and it says start Heidi mail equals negate email hide e-mail.
So whatever the current version of whatever the current value of Heidy meal is negated.
So if it's true put it to false if it's false but it's true.
So we're just negating it whatever it is re-integrating.
That's what the exclamation mark here is for.
Now that's all we need to do here just create this one small simple method and then we can go back to
our HDL code which has also been trimmed down to a great extent as opposed to the previous versions.
So we still have this part here.
We are going to leave that as it is that has been explained previously.
But down below we have button and we will add a button and we will perform event binding here.
We will bind a click event to Tuggle method.
So we have the toggle method in the component or TS which basically just sets the status of hide email
save hide email is true and this phunk once this method is called.
It will become false or if it's false it will become true.
Once this method is called.
So this is just the button.
And we have an event which is click and we are binding it to this method here.
When the Basically when the click event occurs we're going to call that function.
But unlike property binding we will use parentheses here.
So as you can see here you have to have blocks.
And here you have parentheses.
So entier the binding always goes from event to component.
So from event.
So from this event.
Sorry not button but from this event here to the component so from left to right in our case here and
once we click the button this is going to be called but down below we have this pretty much the same
the two of these are pretty much the same.
But this is basically Mousley.
So when we go over this button and once the mouse leaves the button area this event will be called and
hence this dysfunction this method will be called as well.
So as we can bind any event in the email that is in existence in this fashion.
And same goes for property binding if you wish to see the list of all the HD M-L events.
Just just type in HDMI elements list and go onto the net and you will find a listing.
I assure you.
So let's see how this actually works.
Let's see it in action.
So just save both files before anything happens and make sure the server is running.
So when I click on this you'll see it will hide it.
And when I click again it will.
OK.
So the mouse sleeve is asking me up a little bit.
So now let's let's let's go over to go Mousley.
So we are at the moment looking at what this line does.
And whatever this line does will be reflected on to this line because this
and this this property will actually is actually bound to hide email Boullion.
And since this method actually changes the value of hide email Boullion this will in turn change as
well.
So whether this what their Heidi mail is true or false that has put this element will be dependent on
that is whether it will be displayed or not.
So if I go over Mousley and then my mouse actually leaves this area you will see the function is called.
And then this is printed up.
This is shown on the screen.
If I do that again it goes away.
Same goes for clicking if I click it shows if I click again it disappears.
But
OK.
Oh my God.
OK I can click fast enough because then the mouse happens as well.
But let's go ahead and do this.
And make this disappear just for a second.
OK.
So if I click it shows if I click again it disappears.
I'm sure that you've seen this on sites a lot of times.
And by the way these are.
These are HD M-O comments.
This is how you would create a common block.
So this is all that I want to show you here.
And before I'm done I want you to play around with this.
I want you to create all sorts of buttons that perform all sorts of actions.
Go nuts.
Do whatever you can to learn and have have fun doing it.
But I think this is a pretty cool feature so I wanted to show it to you and I want to explain event
binding through it.
It's a bid you farewell and hope to see you in the follow up.